In project, excel-1 : I generated appropriate graphics for the tables and used various data functions and features (sum, COUNTIF, pivot tables) to obtain the revenue, monthly trend graph, top 5 selling products, customer analysis, sales by each breach, and sales by customer type. excel-2 : I averaged, maxed, and minimized the values in the column and rows using the functions averageifs,index,match,min,max,sumifs,maxifs. excel-3 : I created a table using the data after cleaning and analyzing it to arrange it in an acceptable manner for visualization and data organization. excel-4 : To obtain the proper numbers and create combination bar and line charts, area charts, pivot tables, and slicer features, I utilized the maxifs and sumifs functions. excel project 5 (autosaved) : Data cleaning and preparation is completed by ensuring that no duplicates are discovered, that blank cells are highlighted and have content added to them, and that no unnecessary columns are discovered. After customer segmentation is completed, a pivot table is constructed and continuously formatted. The average function is used to analyze customer behavior, and the chart represents the customer's historical behavior in relation to their age and gender. Based on the profession, credit product, and activity of the occupation, a marketing strategy is developed. A strategy chart is constructed, and through customer feedback and surveys, we can determine what has to be improved in order to gain the customers' interest.excel-6 : I made a bar chart and a line chart using the pivot table tool and conditional formatting. The validation column is found using the multiplication, if, and is number functions.
